README.md, before:

### INF601 - Advanced Programming in Python
### Kevin Vasquez
### Mini Project 2
 
 
# Project Title
 
Simple overview of use/purpose.
 
## Description
 
An in-depth paragraph about your project and overview of use.
 
## Getting Started
 
### Dependencies
 
* Describe any prerequisites, libraries, OS version, etc., needed before installing program.
* ex. Windows 10
* List pip install instructions.
 
### Installing
 
* How/where to download your program
* Any modifications needed to be made to files/folders
 
### Executing program
 
* How to run the program
* Step-by-step bullets
```
code blocks for commands
```
 
## Help
 
Any advise for common problems or issues.
```
command to run if program contains helper info
```
 
## Authors
 
Contributors names and contact info
 
ex. Dominique Pizzie  
ex. [@DomPizzie](https://twitter.com/dompizzie)
 
## Version History
 
* 0.2
    * Various bug fixes and optimizations
    * See [commit change]() or See [release history]()
* 0.1
    * Initial Release
 
## License
 
This project is licensed under the [NAME HERE] License - see the LICENSE.md file for details
 
## Acknowledgments
 
Inspiration, code snippets, etc.
* [awesome-readme](https://github.com/matiassingers/awesome-readme)
* [PurpleBooth](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/109311bb0361f32d87a2)
* [dbader](https://github.com/dbader/readme-template)
* [zenorocha](https://gist.github.com/zenorocha/4526327)
* [fvcproductions](https://gist.github.com/fvcproductions/1bfc2d4aecb01a834b46)

Commit message:

Made necessary changes for README.md.

README.md, after:

### INF601 - Advanced Programming in Python
### Kevin Vasquez
### Mini Project 2
 
 
# Project Title
 
Miniproject2.
 
## Description
 
The project loads and processes the dataset using Pandas, performs statistical analysis, and generates visualizations using Matplotlib.
 
## Getting Started
 
### Dependencies
 
This program requires:
Python 3.9 or newer
Pandas
Matplotlib
contourpy==1.3.3
cycler==0.12.1
et_xmlfile==2.0.0
fonttools==4.61.1
kiwisolver==1.4.9
matplotlib==3.10.8
numpy==2.4.2
openpyxl==3.1.5
packaging==26.0
pandas==3.0.1
pillow==12.1.1
pyparsing==3.3.2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
six==1.17.0
 
### Installing
https://github.com/knvasquez03/miniproject2KevinVasquez

### Executing program
 
python main.py
 
## Help
 
No real issues for miniproject. Just make sure to use the right panda codes for either a csv or xsml.
```
command to run if program contains helper info
```
 
## Authors
 
Kevin Vasquez
knvasquez@mail.fhsu.edu
 
## Version History
 
* 0.2
    * Various bug fixes and optimizations
    * See [commit change]() or See [release history]()
* 0.1
    * Initial Release
 
## License
 
This project is licensed under the [NAME HERE] License - see the LICENSE.md file for details
 
## Acknowledgments
 
Inspiration, code snippets, etc.
* https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/sanaijlalshahrukh/us-alcohol-consumption-by-state-19772023
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/getting_started/comparison/comparison_with_spreadsheets.html
* https://github.com/profzeller/miniproject2JasonZeller2/blob/main/README.md
